# svncredentials

This module creates a subversion credentials file with cleartext
password. For example,

    ~/.subversion/auth/svn.simple/dccb1dce7e72b2fca2d850fdb67ffa30

See the [Subversion Book](http://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.1/ch06s02.html) for
information on svn credentials caching.

_Note: There can be only one svn.simple file and therefore only one username per
svn realm (a limitation of subversion)._


## Usage

`Svncredentials` is implemented with a defined resource type.

    Svncredentials { 'joe':
      home_path       => '/home/joe',
      owner           => 'joe',
      svn_realmstring => '<https://repo.example.com:443> Subversion Repository',
      svn_username    => 'joe',
      svn_password    => 'passweird',
    }


## Parameters

##### `owner`

The posix user name and owner of the credential file.

Example:

    home_path => 'vagrant',

##### `home_path`

Full filesystem path to `owner`'s home directory. The credential file will
be created in the `.subversion/auth/svn.simple` subdirectory of the `home_path`.

This path must already exist before calling this module.

Example:

    home_path => '/home/vagrant',

##### `svn_realmstring`

The authentication realm for the subversion repository. One way to look
up the realm is to perform an action that requires authentication on a
private repo.

    $ svn --username bogus  ls  https://repo.example.com/svn/repo/private
    Authentication realm: <https://repo.example.com:443> Subversion Repository

In this example the svn_realmstring is

    <https://repo.example.com:443> Subversion Repository

A credential file generated by the `svn` client will also include the
realmstring as cleartext, so you could generate such a file in a test
environment and then fish the realm out of there.

Troubleshooting Tip: The subversion client expects the credential file
to be named as a md5 checksum of the realm string and this puppet module
creates its credential file accordingly. If the svn client is not using
the puppet-generated credential file then probably you have the realm
string not quite right. Let the svn client create a credential file for
testing and then compare the md5 checksum of your realm string with the
name of that client-generated file.

    $ echo -n '<https://repo.example.com:443> Subversion Repository' | md5sum
    dccb1dce7e72b2fca2d850fdb67ffa30
    
    $ ls .subversion/auth/svn.simple/dccb1dce7e72b2fca2d850fdb67ffa30


##### `svn_username`

The user name to use to authenticate to the subversion repository.

##### `svn_password`

The cleartext password to use to authenticate to the subversion
repository.
